Add file and file-list docs (#12283)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/components/file.md

---
title: "File component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit"
description: "The file component is used to display a file by showing the icon, and name"
localization_priority: Normal
author: beth-panx
---

# File component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit

> The File component is used to represent an individual file/folder from OneDrive or SharePoint by displaying information such as the file/folder name, an icon indicating the file type, and other properties such as the author, last modified date, or other details selected by the developer. The developer or application provides the identifiers for a file and the component will generate the query to retreive the file based on the identifiers provided. This component can be used on it's own or as part of the [mgt-file-list](./file-list.md) components.

Reviewer: Might be a good idea to add a link to the Files API docs for reference: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/onedrive-concept-overview

## Example

The following example displays a file using the `mgt-file` component. You can use the code editor to see how [properties](#properties) change the behavior of the component.

<iframe src="https://mgt.dev/iframe.html?id=components-mgt-file--file&source=docs" height="250"></iframe>

[Open this example in mgt.dev](https://mgt.dev/?path=/story/components-mgt-file--file&source=docs)

## Properties

You can use several properties to customize the component.

> | Attribute | Property | Description |

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to add a couple examples of the different ways to specify a file using the attributes/properties. Maybe under this table?

| `line2-property` | `line2Property` | Sets the property of `fileDetails` to use for the second line of text. Default is `lastModifiedDateTime`. |
| `line3-property` | `line3Property` | Sets the property of `fileDetails` to use for the third line of text. Default is `size` of the file. |

## CSS custom properties

The `mgt-file` component defines the following CSS custom properties.

```css
mgt-file {
  --file-type-icon-size: 28px;
  --file-border: none;
  --file-box-shadow: none;
  --file-background-color: #ffffff;

  --font-family: 'Segoe UI';
  --font-size: 14px;
  --font-weight: 400;
  --text-transform: none;
  --color: #323130;

  --line2-font-size: 12px;
  --line2-font-weight: 400;
  --line2-color: #797775;
  --line2-text-transform: none;

  --line3-font-size: 12px;
  --line3-font-weight: 400;
  --line3-color: #797775;
  --line3-text-transform: none;
}
```

To learn more, see [styling components](../customize-components/style.md).

## Microsoft Graph APIs and permissions

This control uses the following Microsoft Graph APIs and permissions.

> | Query | Use if | Permission Scopes |

Reviewer: We should probably update the formatting of this permissions section to match the changes Waldek is making to the other components

---
title: "File component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit"
description: "The file component is used to display a file by showing the icon, and name"
localization_priority: Normal
author: beth-panx
---

# File component in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit

> The File component is used to represent an individual [file/folder from OneDrive or SharePoint](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/onedrive-concept-overview) by displaying information such as the file/folder name, an icon indicating the file type, and other properties such as the author, last modified date, or other details selected by the developer. The developer or application provides the identifiers for a file and the component will generate the query to retreive the file based on the identifiers provided. This component can be used on it's own or as part of the [mgt-file-list](./file-list.md) components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The File component is used to represent an individual [file/folder from OneDrive or SharePoint](/graph/onedrive-concept-overview) by displaying information such as the file/folder name, an icon indicating the file type, and other properties such as the author, last modified date, or other details selected by the developer. The developer or application provides the identifiers for a file and the component will generate the query to retrieve the file based on the identifiers provided. This component can be used on it's own or as part of the [mgt-file-list](./file-list.md) components.
```
